                            Top 7 Distance Education Programs In India
During your childhood years, you aspire to become big in your career. Hallucinatory thoughts stay till the time you grow into a college student and then you decide that you need to take a path that could be meant for you in your career. The aspirations become a reality if you take expert advice or you take your mentor’s help only to learn a little more about the career that could help you. A simple graduation would help, but not after 3-4 years of working in an organization. Higher [Distance Learnig](http://einsedu.in/)would be a much needed option then.
When you talk about distance learning, the new technological expertise that comes by always comes handy. Online Distance learning has technological implications without which there wouldn’t be any online interaction possible. When online interaction becomes the possibility, the mission that’s seems impossible for a working professional to get into an MBA or an equivalent becomes a constructive reality for an individual who wants to grow.
A working professional can take the course through various means by enrolling into an [Distance Learning](http://einsedu.in/) program. The various means could include your laptop you carry to the workplace or a mobile you carry everywhere in your pocket. While a correspondence course needs a student to interact personally once in a while an online distance learning program would have personal connect only as an option. A correspondence course needs traveling from one place to another during the course period; however an online distance learning course gives freedom from travel. 
The top distance learning programs that get most of the enrollments are listed below with a simple brief that could aid your understanding about which specialization would suit you the best:
1.	Marketing
When a business is initiated and a product or service is invented or produced innovatively, you need the market to know. A UGC approved online MBA in Marketing helps professionals creatively pursue analytical comprehension of the marketing mix, by honing presentational skills, creative capabilities, research methods and data reasoning skills. 
2.	Finance 
A UGC approved online MBA in Finance helps in professional honing of analytical skills, data analysis, while giving out a vast knowledge of the current business practices. Understanding the different facets of the stock market, the trade behavior and investment banking is included here .Manipulation of statistical data is a skill you identify with when you have a finance degree in hand.
3.	Human Resource
While this online distance learning program helps you in your interpersonal skills, the whole program guides you through the employment law, and the best practices one follows in Human Resource. Quick decision making and solving other people’s problems makes for a good human resource professional. A  UGC approved online PGDM in Human Resource would only help out with a good job offer as recognition through UGC helps in placements.
4.	Operations 
A management degree in operations will give you an understanding of the business laws, practices, regulations, and other operational theory. The analytical skills create critical thinking skills to make sound decisions in making policies, and capturing critical procedures into the system only to make an organization strong in its day to day affairs thus building organizational discipline. A UGC approved online PGDM in Operations ensures the skills get imbibed into making an individual a thorough professional.
5.	Supply Chain Management 
Supply chain requires analytical skills imbibed in a professional with time management another factor recreating the daily functioning of supply chain. Decision making and solving skills with an understanding of transportation rules with transit laws are the main knowledge gathering criteria for a professional in Supply chain management. A UGC approved online PGDM in Supply Chain Management would help out a working professional aspiring to grow into this field.  
6.	Advertising & Media 
Creative skills, interpersonal skills, & presentational skills are a few skills along with communication skills that get improved when you take up an Advertising & Media MBA and if the distance learning program is UGC approved online MBA then the job placement wouldn’t be an issue.
7.	IT Project Management 
A UGC approved PGDM in IT Project Management is another top [Distance Learning](http://einsedu.in/distance-mba-programs.php) enrolled by most of the students if a project handling is what the professional has to do in an organization or someone aspires to be certified in this distance learning program.


