In the present competitive scenario, in order to succeed in ones career, acquiring management education is extremely important. A good management education ensures an individual of a prosperous career ahead. But, with a large number of management schools operating in the market, choosing the perfect[top colleges in pune](http://ifeel.edu.in/) is one of the major difficulties. The knowledge that we obtain, the career we venture into, depends a lot on the management school from where we acquire our degrees. Studies show that nearly 60%-70% of the graduates opt for a management degree for their higher education. But large proportion of them faces difficulties in choosing the perfect institute for them. iFEEL-Institute of Future Entrepreneurship Education and Leadership, is one such institute that has been successfully shaping up the career of numerous individuals for a considerable time period. iFEEL focuses on developing the inherent entrepreneurial and innovative qualities of the students and bring it to the brim. Along with imparting knowledge, they emphasize on development of leadership qualities.
iFeel aims at training prospective entrepreneurs in the contemporary and comprehensive arenas of business management. They provide a Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM), focusing on Entrepreneurship and Leadership, which has the flexibility to include the aspects of any new and emerging trends of business and management. The 2 Year Full-Time Post Graduate Diploma Course in Management at iFeel, takes into consideration any industry suggestions and feedback, based on the same. [best college in mumbai](http://ifeel.edu.in/) PGDM college  in mumbai is one of the sole institutes that have adopted an Industry-Integrated Curriculum, which is combined with Leadership and Entrepreneurship Development.
The faculty of iFEEL consists of distinguished professors from premier institutes like IIM, IIT, Welingkar, etc. In addition to this; students are also provided guest lecturers from faculties of international universities of USA, Sweden, etc. The [top college in mumbai](http://ifeel.edu.in/) at iFEEL is exclusively designed in a way so that the students receive a comprehensive industry-exposure, mainly because we are aware of the importance of practical knowledge along with the theoretical one. Students of the institute are also provided with an international study tours conducted to make them gain awareness of the management practices on the global sphere. iFEEL has been successfully providing the students with international internships in countries like Japan, China, Russia, Sweden, etc. therefore, at iFEEL we aim at providing the students with something more than just a bookish knowledge so that they have an edge over the others, in the competitive market.
In addition to that iFeel encourages students to portray their innovative self through the Rain Lab, which is an innovation Lab. They conduct series like the i4 series and Global Citizen Leadership (GCL) program, which gives the students opportunity to interact with industry experts of the field. The i4 series is an interactive session, where significant personalities from the industry visit the campus and answer to the various queries of the students. This helps the students to obtain a personalized insight of the industry, where they will be entering soon. iFeel aims at providing an extensive facility for the development of the students. The students are provided with an industry exposure through national and international internships. Students are given internship opportunities in reputed countries in Japan, China, etc in addition to the MNC’s in India. The students are also subjected to academic and industry interviews by note-worthy and professional experts, to make them industry-ready.
The institute organizes fully sponsored International Study Tours for all its students. The tour helps students to get an in-depth understanding of the various business strategies adopted worldwide. Students of iFEEL have been taken to International Industrial Tours to China, Sweden, Japan, etc. These tours broaden the bandwidth of knowledge of the students and give them an edge over others. Being among the Best Management Colleges in India, iFEEL also provides its students with international internships, to help them gain awareness of the global business practices. The students of iFEEL have received Internship opportunities in countries like Dubai, Japan, Russia, etc. The global exposure provided by the institute has enabled the students of iFEEL to be placed with reputed international business entities.

